docs: Clarify the commitment levels based on questions (#13387)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/developing/clients/jsonrpc-api.md

## Configuring State Commitment

For preflight checks and transaction processing, Solana nodes choose which bank
state to query based on a commitment requirement set by the client. The

> commitment describes how finalized a block is at some point in time.  When

Reviewer: ```suggestion
commitment describes how finalized a block is at that point in time.  When
```

querying the ledger state, it's recommended to use lower levels of commitment
to report progress and higher levels to ensure the state will not be rolled back.

In descending order of commitment (most finalized to least finalized), clients
may specify:

- `"max"` - the node will query the most recent block confirmed by supermajority
of the cluster as having reached maximum lockout, meaning the cluster has
recognized this block as finalized
- `"root"` - the node will query the most recent block having reached maximum
lockout on this node, meaning the node has recognized this block as finalized
- `"singleGossip"` - the node will query the most recent block that has been voted on by supermajority of the cluster.
  - It incorporates votes from gossip and replay.
  - It does not count votes on descendants of a block, only direct votes on that block.
  - This confirmation level also upholds "optimistic confirmation" guarantees in
    release 1.3 and onwards.

> - `"recent"` - the node will query its most recent block.  Note that the state at
> this slot is not derived from a finalized block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"recent"` - the node will query its most recent block.  Note that the block
may not be complete.
```

I think this is what you mean, right?
Finalized means reached max lockout. While it's also true that recent banks have not been finalized, I don't think that's the distinction you were making. Do I have that right?

Author: That's much clearer, yes

For processing many dependent transactions in series, it's recommended to use
`"singleGossip"` commitment, which balances speed with rollback saftey.

> For total safety, it's recommended to use`"max"` commitment.

Author: What do you think about putting in a recommendation?  We've received a lot of questions about it in the past and usually we say `singleGossip`

Reviewer: I like it

Before submitting, the following preflight checks are performed:

1. The transaction signatures are verified

> 2. The transaction is simulated against the latest max confirmed bank

Author: The main update is to get rid of "max" here

>    commitment, and on failure an error will be returned. Preflight checks may be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   commitment. On failure an error will be returned. Preflight checks may be
```

   disabled if desired. It is recommended to specify the same commitment and

>    preflight commitment to avoid confusing behavior.

Author: We don't have checks for this, which makes me think there is a use case for different levels of commitment on simulation and processing.  Perhaps this gets updated as well in web3 and rpc client?

Reviewer: More that in the past, it wasn't possible to tune the commitment of the simulation. I haven't thought of a strong use case for simulating and processing at different commitments.
There is client probably work we can do to make this smoother/less confusing.
